Add known limitations to JS OAuth docs (#2672)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/js/social.md

<inline-fragment src="~/lib/auth/fragments/common/social_signin_web_ui/configure_auth_category.md"></inline-fragment>

### Known Limitations

> * When using the federated OAuth flow with Cognito User Pools, [device tracking and remembering](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/tracking-and-remembering-devices-using-amazon-cognito-your-user-pools/) is not available.

Reviewer: a quick few words on why can go a long way towards making people feel better

> * When using the federated OAuth flow with Cognito User Pools, [device tracking and remembering](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/tracking-and-remembering-devices-using-amazon-cognito-your-user-pools/) is not available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the federated OAuth flow with Cognito User Pools, the [device tracking and remembering](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/tracking-and-remembering-devices-using-amazon-cognito-your-user-pools/) features are currently not available within the library. If you are looking for this feature within the library, please open a feature request [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feature-request&template=feature_request.md&title=) and provide upvotes in order for us to take this into consideration for the future of the library.
```
